hey mom yes honey who do you love more
me or Joe Joe Joe
mom yes what Marie you asked me and I
told you if you don't want to know
things you shouldn't ask questions
suppose the sale of both your kids the
same alright fine
ask me again please who do you love more
me I love you both the same did you
really mean that
no I'm just stating my personal opinion
my god-given freedom of choice if I had
to choose I would choose Joey don't do
this to yourself Marie I just want to
know how much you want me to break it
down for you fine a hundred percent of
possible love I have to give to my
children I would give you thirty five
percent seventy five percent
wait Martin that doesn't matter it was a
test
Maureen was pestering me and I told her
the truth and now she's mad oh who do
you love more dad me or Joe boy well I
have to say I love you Maureen just a
little bit more honey
hey what how could you love her more
than Joey oh honey come on think about
it more rain she playing she nags
Maureen does ask an awful lot of
questions
Joe is cuter you're right if I had to
pick I'd choose Joe he's my number one
favorite child in the world come here
girl grew up to be madtv's mo Collins
but there was that God now what is wrong
me what's wrong that was my life there I
told you that story in confidence
I thought it was a funny idea so we
wrote it up and we did it it's just it's
just it's a show mo just relax relax
you've betrayed me I will
I the helpful and sexy stuff we're due
for you me
the main mo Collins don't want you to do
any jokes on the comedy show step no
what do you want me to do I mean
everybody knows you're just a big
complainer I can't believe you to me
the hell is your problem I'm sorry about
this folks I really am I'm sorry
please calm down just oh no no no I'm
not calm don't cuz you know what what
you've done it is cool it is unfair and
I want it to stop I don't wanna have to
come out here and ask you to stop again
okay idea no I'm sorry yeah god yes of
course it'll it'll stop I thought you
said that this is going to stop
Stephanie